once again we are in the air terminal
Nicaraguan to welcome you
exclusive on behalf of the channel's box
Nicaraguan pride to the presenter
international ismael chain creek
Let's see what it says
welcome on behalf of the post
Nicaraguan pride channel
thank you very much it's a pleasure to be
here for the first time I had a lot
enthusiasm to receive an invitation from
Nicaragua to be able to come share with
young students special guests
for this conference so thank you
for receiving me what was your first
impression when you were notified that
you came to the land of lakes and volcanoes
Well, be aware that being Cuban for a long time
time Cubans have had a
fairly close relationship with nicaragua
true then I never knew the country
I had the opportunity it was not given and there was already
known more than 12 countries in america
latina ' we have been with events with
conferences to universities congresses and
I had not received from Central America
missing several countries I was missing or I
lack Honduras costa rica and nicaragua
Well I was missing Nicaragua now I'm here
so really excited about
much expectation that this is just the
first of many visits to share
with the Nicaraguans that by twitter I
I have been able to give an account in these two years and
means that they are people very full of affection
and that they have no shyness in
share it so much success in your life
professional there is still something
intangible
there are many intangibles life is
made of intangibles and that we're going to
talk this afternoon at the conference
Fortunately, however, the year
past thanks to you sees you the channel of
Nicaraguan pride we achieved that
our meeting was tangible here
bring proof because if prize
our has been many thanks for
your humility once again no thanks to you
that's why I said your face was me
I was familiar but look at the photo
shows where this was from in the
carpet of our own in Miami
what good many thanks and we will have
another photo today of course and in that
moment he confessed that for this
Stronger interviewee's season
what you had in the president
Ecuadorian rafael strap now exists
another in place
rafael strap- see if there's been another you
you say stronger I say strong in the
meaning because there are very
strong strong in the sense when it
produces true attention in the
interview like the one that has happened with
rafael correa with álvaro uribe but you
would say something the Ecuadorian businessman
Álvaro noboa was also an interview
strong so it was tense and finally
we are dedicated to promoting a
spectacle culture despite that
he is a serious journalist and interviews
politicians also now conversas with
stars of the entertainment world that
motivates you to do it I think that this is
a program open to everyone does not matter to
what profession or trade do my
purpose with a talk show
is to tell stories and all beings
humans we have a unique history that
It deserves to be told then in each you
you can see from an ex president
presidents businessmen billionaires
of everything
Nobel Peace Prize continent as
language to rigoberta menchú who have
been in the program until people who
have been anonymous until the moment of
be presented in the program because
they have an extraordinary history of
human survival or celebrity is that
there are many people who follow him
enjoy your music of your talent
science writers or thinkers is
It is a program open to everyone
from the managua airport arriving
to this land of volcanoes and lakes I
you say truth I hope to know her
even minimally in these 24 hours
and come back with more time to make a
tour of the natural beauties that
who has this country greets you with much
dear ismael cala so you see
here we are connected
good